# Conceptual-and-relational-database-modelling-on-Central-Sydney-Hospital
To develop conceptual and relational database modelling on Central Sydney Hospital

## Domain Description
The Central Sydney Hospital (CSH), one of Australia’s leading hospitals, embarked on a major development of an information systems to deliver improved healthcare facilities and services to their patients. The CSH encompasses four main departments: general, emergency department (ED), pediatrics, and surgery. Each department is identified by a unique name and may have different daily operating hours. The general department operating hours are 10am to 8pm daily, whilst the emergency department is open 24 hours a day. A department may include wards which are either general or specialised Intensive Care Units (ICUs), where each ward is composed of one or more beds. Different beds have distinctive comfort levels, dimensions (length and width), and mattress thickness, and hence have a different “bed cost” associated with it. The CSH has a pediatrics department that includes state-of-the-art wards and ICU, and five operating theatres in addition to the seven within the surgery department. The staff allocation and headcount within a department must be tracked to assist with future staffing requirements. Staff working for the CSH must have their full name, mobile, address, and salary recorded. A staff can be either a doctor, nurse, or other allied health staff such as dietitian, interpreter, etc. A doctor must be qualified in at least one medical specialty but not more than five. The related training date and level of proficiency must be kept to maintain compliance. Some nurses working with children must have a Working with Children Check (WWCC) as a clearance. The clearance check is valid for three years and the CSH monitors the validity to ensure compliance. All patients treated at the CSH must register their personal information including full name, email, address, date of birth, mobile, emergency contact name and phone, and an insurance number. In the case of the emergency, upon arrival, a triage nurse assesses the patient’s conditions to prioritise treatment based on severity. Patients may also enter through other departments for a planned admission. They enter through the ED due to urgent care or critical conditions. Other details such as the admission date and time, nurse, and CSH doctor involved should also be recorded. For a planned admission, patients must specify the referring health practitioner, and a unique reference number provided by the referring practitioner. For an emergency admission, no information about a referring partitioner is required. Once a patient is discharged on a date, a billing statement is generated describing the services provided, total cost, amount covered by insurance, and remaining balance owed by the patient. The patient receives an invoice for the amount owing, which can only be paid through credit cards. The credit card details used for paying the owing balance must be recorded for accounting and reporting. These include the credit card number, expiry date, cardholder name, and card verification value (CVV).
